alright the fakie bigspin you probably
want to know Bakey shove it and backside
half cab so foot blister probably wanna
set your foot up right in that pocket
right there so you can get a nice
rotation and this foot it front foot it
doesn't really matter because I does not
do anything it's just lifting off and
then you rotate so get right there and
what you're going on to do is you can
pop but that's when you act after you
get the the initial spin down first so
what you're going to do is you're going
to want to take your back foot and
you're going to want to scoop this
around so it goes on 360 shove-it and
and while you're in the process of doing
that push this foot back and just rotate
your body backside 180 yeah I'll show
you what looks like
all right ask some common problems you
might have with the big spin there's
quite a few of them the biggest one that
I had when I first learning it is I
under rotate it and I'd rotate it to 70
which is one and then I'd land like that
follow my face and one way to compensate
it was the tub ways you can put your
foot more in the pocket and have more of
a getting fling it back more get more of
a shuvit rotation in there another way
you can you can find that more I mean
you might not be winding up so you might
just be doing the chick and that's just
kind of do that for you if you wind up
you'll get a lot more spinning there
with your body and the board and the
next one is if you rotate and land like
this I mean you can always compensate by
by doing it pivot out we're just kind of
scraping you it doesn't look as good but
it it works
another one that I had was a over
rotating the board which is easy fix
just don't rotate it as much just don't
wind up as much or don't give a little
less flick on there and there's a
there's one were you you get the whole
rotation but
after something that's that's if you're
not rotating your body enough like you
rotate the board and then you only
rotate your body halfway then you just
gotta wind up and it's a fun chick and
it takes a long time to learn so just
relax with it and ask the base book